<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="using_the_es_3">
    <title>Using the ES-3 with Silent Way</title>
    <shortdesc>Use the ES-3 and Silent Way to control Eurorack module paramaters.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>A <xref href="basic_setup.dita"/> is all that is needed to control a single parameter
            with the ES-3. </p>
        <p>
            <note>!!TO PREVENT DAMAGE TO EQUIPTMENT AND YOUR EARS, TURN THE VOLUME OF YOUR EURORACK
                MODULE ALL THE WAY DOWN!!</note>
        </p>
        <ol id="ol_jvb_w3k_sjb">
            <li>Connect a TOSlink optical cable from the ADAT/Optical output of your audio interface
                to the coresponding input on the ES-3.</li>
            <li>Connect a 3.5mm Eurorack cable from output 1 on the ES-3 to a paramater input of any
                Eurorack module.</li>
            <li>Open Expert Sleepers Silent Way and select the ADAT/Optical output of your audio
                interface as the output.<note>For help with Silent Way, see the Silent Way User
                    Manual.</note></li>
            <li>Load an ADSR from the Silent Way Template Library.</li>
            <li>Set the output of the ADSR to channel one the ADAT/Optical output.</li>
            <li>Trigger your oscillator module and slowly increase the volume of the module.</li>
        </ol>
        <p>You should now hear the effect of Silent Way modulating the amplitude of your oscilator
            module. Notice that any changes to the ADSR in Silent Way instantaneiosly changes the
            amplitude envelope of your oscillator. This same principle applies to all input
            parameters on all Eurorack modules.</p>
    </conbody>
    <related-links>
        <link href="basic_setup.dita" format="xml"/>
    </related-links>
</concept>
